README.md, before:

# ZZZ_Simulator

English | [中文](./docs/README_CN.md)

![zsim](./docs/img/zsim成图.svg)

![zsim项目组](./docs/img/横板logo成图.png)



## Introduction

`ZZZ_Calculator` is a damage calculator for Zenless Zone Zero.

It is **fully automatically**, no need to manually set skill sequence (if sequence mode needed, let us know)

All you need to do is edit equipment of your agents, select a proper APL, then click run.

It provides a user-friendly interface to calculate the total damage output of a team composition, taking into account the characteristics of each character's weapon and equipment. Based on the preset APL (Action Priority List), it **automatically simulates** the actions in the team, triggers buffs, records and analyzes the results, and generates report in visual charts and tables.

## Features

- Calculate total damage based on team composition
- Generate visual charts
- Provide detailed damage information for each character
- Edit agents equipment
- Edit APL code

> [!TIP]
> You can either install `ZZZ-Simulator` via `uv` or run it with dockers.

## Install via UV

Download the latest source code in release page or use `git clone`

### Install UV (if you haven't already)

Open terminal anywhere in your device:

```bash
# On macOS or Linux:
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
```

```bash
# On Windows11 24H2 or later:
winget install --id=astral-sh.uv  -e
```

```bash
# On lower version of Windows:
powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
```

```bash
# Using pip:
pip install uv
```

Or check the official installation guide: <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/>

### Install ZZZ-Simulator

Open terminal in the directory of this project, then:

```bash
uv venv
uv pip install .  # there is a '.' refer to relative path
```

### Run

Open terminal anywhere in your device:

```bash
zsim run
```

If you don't want to install `ZZZ-Simulator`, you can also run it directly:

```bash
uv run ./zsim/run.py run
```

```bash
# or also:
uv run zsim run
```

Then you can access the simulator at `http://localhost:8501`.

## Install via Docker

You can also run `ZZZ-Simulator` with Docker.

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure you have docker installed on your machine and can access to Docker Hub. If you haven't installed it yet, please refer to the [official Docker installation guide](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).
>
> On macOS, it is recommended to use [Orbstack](https://docs.orbstack.dev/install) for a better experience.

### Pull the image

```bash
docker build -t zzzsimulator .
```

> [!TIP]
> There's a pre-built image on Docker Hub, you can pull it directly with `docker pull lucas0411/zsim:latest`.

### Create a container

```bash
# For self-built image
docker create --name zzzsimulator \
  -p 8501:8501 \
  zzzsimulator

# For pre-built image
docker create --name zzzsimulator \
  -p 8501:8501 \
  lucas0411/zsim:latest
```

### Run the container

```bash
docker start zzzsimulator
```

Then you can access the simulator at `http://localhost:8501`.

## TODO LIST

Go check issues for more details.

Commit message:

更新README.md，添加Orbstack用户访问ZZZ-Simulator的提示

README.md, after:

# ZZZ_Simulator

English | [中文](./docs/README_CN.md)

![zsim](./docs/img/zsim成图.svg)

![zsim项目组](./docs/img/横板logo成图.png)



## Introduction

`ZZZ_Calculator` is a damage calculator for Zenless Zone Zero.

It is **fully automatically**, no need to manually set skill sequence (if sequence mode needed, let us know)

All you need to do is edit equipment of your agents, select a proper APL, then click run.

It provides a user-friendly interface to calculate the total damage output of a team composition, taking into account the characteristics of each character's weapon and equipment. Based on the preset APL (Action Priority List), it **automatically simulates** the actions in the team, triggers buffs, records and analyzes the results, and generates report in visual charts and tables.

## Features

- Calculate total damage based on team composition
- Generate visual charts
- Provide detailed damage information for each character
- Edit agents equipment
- Edit APL code

> [!TIP]
> You can either install `ZZZ-Simulator` via `uv` or run it with dockers.

## Install via UV

Download the latest source code in release page or use `git clone`

### Install UV (if you haven't already)

Open terminal anywhere in your device:

```bash
# On macOS or Linux:
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
```

```bash
# On Windows11 24H2 or later:
winget install --id=astral-sh.uv  -e
```

```bash
# On lower version of Windows:
powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
```

```bash
# Using pip:
pip install uv
```

Or check the official installation guide: <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/>

### Install ZZZ-Simulator

Open terminal in the directory of this project, then:

```bash
uv venv
uv pip install .  # there is a '.' refer to relative path
```

### Run

Open terminal anywhere in your device:

```bash
zsim run
```

If you don't want to install `ZZZ-Simulator`, you can also run it directly:

```bash
uv run ./zsim/run.py run
```

```bash
# or also:
uv run zsim run
```

Then you can access the simulator at `http://localhost:8501`.

## Install via Docker

You can also run `ZZZ-Simulator` with Docker.

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure you have docker installed on your machine and can access to Docker Hub. If you haven't installed it yet, please refer to the [official Docker installation guide](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).
>
> On macOS, it is recommended to use [Orbstack](https://docs.orbstack.dev/install) for a better experience.

### Pull the image

```bash
docker build -t zzzsimulator .
```

> [!TIP]
> There's a pre-built image on Docker Hub, you can pull it directly with `docker pull lucas0411/zsim:latest`.

### Create a container

```bash
# For self-built image
docker create --name zzzsimulator \
  -p 8501:8501 \
  zzzsimulator

# For pre-built image
docker create --name zzzsimulator \
  -p 8501:8501 \
  lucas0411/zsim:latest
```

### Run the container

```bash
docker start zzzsimulator
```

Then you can access the simulator at `http://localhost:8501`.

> [!TIP]
> If you are using Orbstack, you can access the simulator at `https://zzzsimulator.orb.local/`.

## TODO LIST

Go check issues for more details.
